All right.
In the last section, we have completed the installation of a recoil, which is a state management for
React.
Now, when we click on the chat icon, we see that, uh, we added this, the model is open.
He added the state of open.
Well, globally inside the recoil.
Okay.
In this section we are going to install react models and we are going to have a model like the final
version.
Let me show you the final version that's here.
Now, if you click on the chat icon, you see a model pop up.
And if we click on outside.
It's going to close.
And also, we have a close button here as well.
And then we have the information of the person who posted this.
Plus the post techs.
Then we have an input here similar to the input that we have.
Here so we can, uh, like, uh, get the.
Quote from this part.
And also at the end, we have the reply instead of tweet.
So when we write down something, we can reply.
And this is going to be added to the comment section and you're going to be redirected to a new page
with all the comments.
Okay.
Uh.
Let's install react model.
Let's search react model.
Uh, let me close everything.
Just go to Google.
Oh.
They just.
Uh.
React model.
And we in the results section we see a website NPM just dot com package react model.
And if you click on this.
Yeah, we got to be.
As you can see, it's a very popular package.
Almost more than one and a half million installation every week.
And we have to install that.
Yeah.
Installation.
Uh.
Here.
And then we have the API document.
First we need to install it using this.
Then we have a example here.
The only thing we need to do is to wrap.
Everything with this model component that we can import from a React model then.
Where we if we have a state of open so we put the open here when the open is true, this model is going
to be pop up.
Then if it click outside, we need to set the open to be false.
This is the case for clicking outside.
We don't need to touch anything else.
We're going to add our own style using children's.
Yes.
So let's copy this app install and we go back to Visual Studio code.
We stop the server using controversy and we paste the code here.
So, uh.
The installation has been completed.
Let's just start the server again and inside the comment model that we have created.
At the top.
We need to import uh, we just imported directly modal modal non model from React.
Moral.
Okay, Dan, we just need to wrap everything there.
So we just delete this one and then see if the open is true.
Then let's add a practice this year, and inside this parenthesis, we just have this model of components.
Okay.
And we just add something like ah1 saying comment.
Model.
Um.
As here I mentioned, we need to add the EAS open.
This is going to be camel case and is open.
It should be equal to open.
So when the open is true, the model is going to pop up.
So let's test this in our browser.
Let's go to our website, this refresh to page.
Now, we shouldn't see this part because.
We remove it.
And now if you click on the, uh, chat icon.
Oh, we get it.
And your models?
I write down model again.
Just should be model.
Model.
Okay, let's change this.
So let's try again.
Right now we can see the model here, but this is it a little bit big.
So the things I do is just let's add some styling to it.
So we go back to here and we just add a class name and the style we want to add.
Firstly, we want to limit the max with to be large and we just say width to be 90%.
This is for the mobile screen.
Then, uh.
Well, let's just make it position absolute and bring it to the top 24, which is, uh, 96 pixels from
the top.
Then from the left, I want it to be in the exactly in the center.
So we just say left 50%.
But this is going to bring the edge of the the left edge to the center.
So in order to bring this center to the center, we just need to add translate x.
This fund should be at -50%.
Okay.
And let's change the background color to be white.
Let's add a border of two and make it rounded.
And let's make it a rounded x large.
And let's add a shadow of.
Mm hmm.
Medium.
Two.
Okay, let's check.
Now let's refresh the page.
Yeah.
It's a bit big.
Let me see.
Uh.
I think Max with I made a.
And Max.
Max with.
I know just right now, Max.
Sorry about that.
Now it should work.
Yeah.
This is the size.
And when we add more things, it's going to be bigger as it.
Because if you want to have an input inside.
But just for now let's add height to.
So just say height 300 pixels.
But we're going to remove this later because we don't need it.
We want it to be dynamic.
Okay.
Uh.
And then let's add that on close on request close as well.
So on.
Request clothes.
This is going to be a function.
And, uh, their function is going to set the open to be false.
So now by clicking on outside.
We can close it like this anywhere outside.
Okay.
Uh, let's change the border color to it's, uh, looks a little bit on the border is a bit thick,
and now let's change the border.
Color to be gray.
For example, 400.
Maybe.
Let's make it to Honduras.
I think this is the default border.
We are getting.
I think this is just, uh, for this browser.
Uh, let's continue.
Completed.
And later, we think about that.
Okay.
So no.
Uh.
Let's continue at the closing button so we can add that on to.
Okay.
Let's go back to Visual Studio code and.
We need to add a icon, which is a that we already use before.
So now inside is more or less additive and this is just going to add a padding.
And inside this.
We're going to have another death.
And.
So this step is going to be like if if we check here.
Final version, we have a div here that has a border button for the bottom off.
Uh, you can see.
So first we have this div and we have another div for this icon.
Okay.
So we for this dev.
We just, uh.
First let's add the icon and then we can see the effects better.
So let's add icon inside a diff.
The icon name is its icon and this is going to be from hero icons.
Forward slash react.
Forward slash outline then.
Let's close this app for the icon.
Just make it a little bit smaller.
Let's add it, uh, make it 22 pixels and we change the color to be gray.
700.
Let's see.
Now.
We can't sit here.
And if that is covering the icon, let me bring it next to each other so we can see what we are doing.
Let's close this side.
Okay.
Well, it was covering this.
Uh, we can.
We just add that hover effect that we used before for the other things, and now we want to bring this
icon to the center.
So first we add, we change the width to be nine and height should be nine.
Then we use Flex to be able to bring the icon to the center using item center and justify sent.
Okay.
Now it should come inside.
Then, uh.
That's fine.
For the diff that is covering this.
As you can see now we can see the border gone.
Uh, sometimes we can see, or sometimes not just change the border more.
Yeah, that's fine.
It's better.
Okay.
For this year.
We want to add a border at the bottom.
So just say border be.
And we changed the border colour to be grey.
200.
And, uh.
Let's add a padding and a y axis of two and an x axis of one and a half.
Okay.
That looks better now.
And, uh, yeah, that's, that's it.
And let's add the on click to the icon as well or we can add it to this there.
So we just stay on click.
And this Arncliffe is going to sit the open.
To be false as well.
So this is going to close the.
Model two like this.
Now we have two options for closing them up.
Okay.
Now we, uh, we want to get the information, if Post's information.
In order to do that, we need to add a state, but we cannot use the component level state.
If we want to get that I.D. from each post and each post is from different component and we want to
pass this one to the main component, which is the fit that yes.
So we need to use a global state.
So in order to use the global state now you already know we can use the recoil.
So and inside the model atom that yes, we can just add another uh.
So we just need to copy this one time.
And this is state.
We just call it, uh, post I.D..
First.
I'd like this.
And this one is going to be post IED, too.
And the default value is an empty string.
Okay.
Now inside post touches here that is having all of them.
Okay, each post we can get that as state and updated as well.
So here at a top we can copy this open recall of state and we just changed the open.
Let's see.
The Open is going to be post I.D..
And this is supposed to be the camel case and the.
This is.
Post.
I'd stay too and we need to import it as well.
So we need to import it from atom model.
Okay, now we can when we click on this chat icon, we not only we open the model, we can get the idea
of this each post and we pass it to this global states.
Okay, so chat icon.
Instead of just doing that, we open a curly braces here and.
That this bring this one inside.
We sit this one open or before even opening, we can just, uh, set the post I.D. first.
So just a set post ID, and we set it to be there.
Post I.D..
Which is that we can just suppose that Idi.
We have access to the ID because we are getting the ID here.
And let me increase the size.
We are getting the idea from the top.
Here we are getting to post and then.
We can pass the I.D..
Now we can there.
It's just the save to the global state.
Now we can use it in any any component that we want.
For example, we can use it inside the comment model so we can just get it here.
So we just copy this one again.
And this is going to be post IED and this is.
Most IED.
And we don't need to do any.
We don't need to change it.
We just want the information we get.
And then we just can.
Uh, let me just show it here.
Just, uh.
Just here, we added each one.
I would just say.
Post it.
Let's test it.
So post I.D. is status 95.
So we just need to import this have from ATM.
Okay.
No.
When we click on this posts, we should get the idea of the posts.
See?
Three F's s three.
And this is this idea is different.
This idea is different, too.
Okay.
So based on this information, this post idea, we can now get the post data from the, uh, from the
fire store and show it inside our model.
Okay.
So, uh.
Let's.
Let's do it.
But before doing that, I'll want to redirect that person to the signing page if the person is not authorized.
So now this one is pop up.
But when we are not logged in.
Like now.
Okay.
We still can put a comment.
But I want to redirect the person to the signing page when we think it's like this.
The same things we did for the like functionality.
Now, when we I want to like this post, I want to be redirected to the signing page.
Okay.
Let's do the same things for the chat icon to.
So inside post 30 years.
Let's go to the chat icon section that we added this.
And thinks so.
First, instead of just directly doing that, we just add a condition and say, if the person is not
signing off, this session is not existed.
We want to.
Redirect to the signing page.
Okay.
But.
Otherwise we want to get.
This idea.
Okay.
Now let's try it.
So now when we click on the chat icon, we should be redirected to the signing page.
And if we sign in.
We should be able to open a model like this.
Okay.
So now we can use this information, the post ID to get the information to get the data from the Pfizer.
So in order to get the data from Pfizer.
So we need to use use effects.
So let's go to comment model.
And here at a top we add use effects.
So use the is going to take a function and a dependency dependency is the post I.D. because when the
post I.D. changes, we want to request again and also our database.
So let's import use effects.
So you're not getting the other suggestions.
So let's import it manually.
We just use effects from.
React.
Okay.
Uh, we need to import TV as well.
TV is coming from Firebase and inside the function.
You want to use the on snapshot as we did before.
So we just say on Snapshot.
And Enhanced Upshot is going to take the dock and for the document we want to go inside the DB and then
posts and inside the post.
We want to target one post which is the post with the post ID.
Then.
And I think that is going to return is a snapshot.
And a snapshot is going to we can set the post.
To be a snapshot.
Uh, just a snapshot that ducks.
Okay.
Now we need to import on a snapshot phone file store.
We need to import, uh.
Dark.
Okay.
So we are getting an error.
This error.
I just wanted to intentionally get the error and show you how to solve it.
So we said invalid document reference and the problem of firebase and fire stories that we when the.
Plus it is an empty string if you get the error as this should be something you know some.
So inside the model atom instead of putting the default to empty string, we just.
We put something random or just we just write it.
It.
This one can be anything.
Okay.
Uh.
Now we are getting another error.
That's, uh.
Let me see.
Said Post is not defined.
Said Post.
Uh.
Now.
We should have set the bar.
Actually, we didn't make the posts as states, so we need to have a.
Posts.
And said post and this is going to be equal to use a state is not to use recoil because this is just
a component level state and the initial value will be.
Uh, just.
I think, uh.
You know, just empty wi fi or.
Uh, it's.
It's an object that I think we just need to empty.
Object.
And, uh.
Suppose we need to import use state.
So we import it here.
Use the state.
So let's try it now actually.
Where let's at least show something here.
So instead of just post it, we just say post.
Um.
That username.
For example, we can get the username.
Let's protect ourselves too, as.
Okay.
Let's click.
Yeah.
We don't see anything yet.
Let me check.
So said post.
It's not just post.
It's just the post data.
That's use.
Now let's try it again.
Let's refresh the page.
Okay.
Let's see.
The problem is this docs.
We just need we don't need it.
We just delete it because it's inside the, uh, in, inside the, uh, the document.
It's not the collection.
So we just, we don't need for when we are getting the post it inside, we don't need to add the docs.
So now let's try.
It's working.
Getting the.
User username.
Let's add something with this username.
Folks are just say hello.
Now, when they click here, we get the user ID of this person.
Okay.
So.
And now we just need to really get the data and show it.
Like the one in the final version here.
We want to make it like this.
The image user name.
Sorry, the name.
The user name.
And we have the date time that is published.
Then we have the post texts.
Okay.
So this is really similar to here.
We can just get this one and this image.
So we can just go.
This is coming from post.
So we can go just to the post that J.S..
And, uh, let's check here.
We can just, uh.
This is user image.
We can bring it there to.
So we copied this.
We go to comment model and just after the X icon and here we we don't need this one we don't need this,
uh, user name.
We add the image here, we just paste the image.
No, uh.
Let's see.
What we are getting.
We are getting the image.
That's nice.
And the.
Let's just add a diff that we can just add some padding or other things.
So we just added div here and inside that div at this image.
And then here.
Let's close this one.
Okay.
We can just add some padding.
So we push them something inside.
Just say padding of two.
Okay, then, uh.
Let's add the other things as well.
So inside the poster, two years after the image we had, uh, the.
This post user data.
So we just copy from this h for to this span.
And we pasted just after the image.
So we should get an error because we didn't import the moment so we can and we need to import moment
from react moment.
So let's see.
And getting another error.
This is just data didn't come.
So let's refresh the page and try again.
We need to protect our stuff.
That's a.
It tanks.
We just need to.
Sometimes the data comes later before opening the model.
So we need to protect us.
So after post, we just need to add to the question mark.
Okay.
Now.
We try again.
So here you just had a question mark here as well.
Let's try it.
Okay.
Now we can see, but they're next to each other.
So in a top tier we just change the display to flex it, bring them next to each other, and then we
do it in center to bring them in the center horizontally.
Then we can add a space between them using a space.
Ex of one.
So that's nice.
Uh, that's fine.
And then I want to add that line here.
If you look at the final version, we have a line between these two images.
This is a person who posted the tweet and this is the person who is going to reply.
So we want to add this line in order to use the line.
I want to just add a s pen empty span.
But, uh, let's, uh.
Just put this band here.
But this is just empty.
But it has a class name.
Uh, it's empty.
So with me, we just can do it like a self-closing.
So now.
I wanted to have a width of.
Uh, point five.
Uh.
Let's see.
And then, uh.
The next thing is just the height of full.
Soon as we're going to see it first lit and then I want it to be behind the picture.
So the index should be minus one, then let's make it absolute and we position it on the left to be
eight and top to be 11.
We cannot see it at because we want to it should be ability to do this there.
So we just change that pause, uh, position to be relative to the top there.
Then let's change the background to be grey.
300.
So let's try it again.
Let's see.
And I think we cannot use the width point five.
We can use the 0.5.
That's a correct one.
So now we can see it here.
In the now it's just the nut position correctly.
We want it to be exactly here.
And also, I don't know why this.
This icons got smaller.
So let's fix that on to.
So first, let's bring this one more to the right here.
And, uh.
So this left is not correct.
So left it now.
Exactly.
Here.
And this phone automatically got.
Oh, this is when it's large.
It's so small.
Okay, so see what the problem.
So age 20.
So.
Relax.
Is fine.
Let's play with this number.
So make this fun bigger like the 20.
So the problem is this.
Nine.
So maybe this is the above.
Okay.
So we make it bigger.
And this one.
Just make it 30.
But this one doesn't have any effect.
So we just make it forever.
Let's remove the padding here.
Okay.
I think it's fine.
Yeah.
Just, uh.
Should I do it later in the update.
So I have to Spencer on now this one became so big so.
We make it, we should make it actually responsive.
So for just, uh.
Yeah.
Just leave it.
That's 23 pixels.
That's fine.
Okay.
Let's move on.
And, uh, we need to just get the information for the person who wants the post that is coming from
a position we can easily get it.
So inside the comment model, we need to import use session.
We import.
U.S..
From.
I think most of the reacts.
Not just nicks.
Nicks.
Off.
Oh.
Slash.
Yeah.
Then we need to initialize it.
Here.
We chose a concert.
Session.
Now we need to get the data.
And we just called the data station.
And this is coming.
This is going to be equal to use session.
Yeah.
Actually, uh, this part, uh, if you look at the final version.
Uh.
This version.
This part is very similar to the input that we have.
All the way.
You see it's very similar so we can copy the code from the input as well.
So we can open the input and uh, let's copy everything and then we can delete the unnecessary parts.
So from this part to the end.
We copy every time we go to comment model.
And just.
After this.
A span here.
Uh, we can just paste that, and we just need to remove such some parts, uh, from here.
We don't need to say if the session is exhausted or something like that, so we can delete that on first.
Then we don't need the image part or loading section.
Uh, not this one.
The selected file that we were showing the image.
And, uh.
Let's see.
We should get some errors.
Sign out.
Uh.
And heading out for the image.
We added a sign out.
We don't need this sign out actually for the image.
So we remove it.
So refresh.
One by one, we get the error and we fix it.
So you said input is not defined.
Inputs.
We need to create the input here.
So if we just copy this, we just say input.
Set inputs.
And this is going to be an empty strip.
Okay.
Let's try again.
Loading is not defined.
We need we don't need loading actually here.
So we delete this part with this fraction.
Okay.
Let's refresh the page.
Photograph icon.
Is that defined?
We can import this.
Import this icon to.
So one by one, by getting the error, we can fix everything.
File pic here ref.
So for now we don't want to just add this input.
So let's remove this font for now.
I just commented.
Uh, later we add this functionality.
So now let's try again.
St Paul's is not define us.
We want to send posts, but actually let's change this font to cent comment because we want to send
the comment and then.
Let's create this function at the top just for now.
So just a function we call it set sent comment and it just created for now and later we're going to
handle that for.
Let's refresh the page.
I hope we don't get more errors now.
That's fine.
We are getting.
Instead of what's happening, uh, let's close this.
Let's find, uh.
Let's.
What's happening?
Instead of tweet, we should say reply.
And instead of what's happening and let me search for what's happening, I can't find it.
So instead of what's happening, we just say, right.
Or Tweet your reply.
Okay.
So these two doesn't work.
I'm still getting an error here.
Are we still have the.
And this on click so I removed the unclear too so and then I want to remove this border bottom.
So let's search for the border bottom.
Not for this one.
The next one.
Just remove the border and its color.
So we don't see the end in that this size.
As I mentioned before, it's fixed to 300 pixels.
The model, we just remove this edge 300 pixels.
Now this is just a flexible.
So if you write more, it's going to be bigger like this.
The other thing we just missed is just the post itself.
The comments in the post.
No, we see that we are getting the everything back to the days, the user name, the user display name
and also the image.
If we look for example, here, but we I want us to write down this bird too, for example.
It is amazing.
Okay.
This is very simple.
We just need to add something.
For example, at the end of that span.
Here.
The time is just.
Shake that one.
It was a moment, you hear.
We just and after this year we add a paragraph and this paragraph is just just going to be the post.
Let me move this sound.
Pose we protected.
This is going to keep data.
How are you going to protect this one, too?
And this is going to be a text.
Okay.
That's refreshing to hear and see it.
It's.
Cause I'm recording too long this time.
My computer's very slow now.
So sorry about that.
So now we see the halo here or here.
We see that we should see the birds.
But let's just style it.
And the classes I want to use.
I want to change the text to be gray 500 and make the texts to be 15 pixels.
And.
For the.
Bigger size and more than the mobile.
I want to make the text a little bit bigger.
So let's, for example, make it 16 pixels.
We add a margin left of 16 and.
We just add a margin bottom of two.
So we add some space.
Okay.
So in the bigger screen, it's like this bird.
We should get the amazing to hear.
And this person can write anything and reply, but the reply doesn't work for now.
In the next section we're going to add this functionality so that we send the reply to the firestorm.
So let's for just for now, we add this one to the guitar.
It's getting very long, this video.
So I want to just for the next section we do the reply section so we just say get add and we comments.
With a message of.
Install and implement.
React model.
So that's it.
We push it to get hot.
So let's check to get half.
You refresh the page.
No.
We have 20 commits and the last one is install and implement react model.
As you can see, we added another estate.
We call it post I.D. but this estate is global.
So we added to the atoll after the recoil and inside a comment mode, or it does that and did a lot
of things.
We added the model here and we just if the open estate is true, is we going to open the model and we
can close it by just clicking on this outside and the.
We added an icon, X icon.
The image of the person.
This is the horizon horizontal line between the two images and also we got the information username
name on all this etc. and this is the image of the person who is signing.
And finally we added the input.
Here's the text area.
And this is just a photograph and emoji icon.
And at the end we add a button that is going to be sent the comments, but this is going to be, uh,
we are going to do it in the next section.
So inside the post that, yes, we got the I.D. and we, we actually updated the post ID.
So if the person click on the chat icon, if the person is signed in, we are going to set the I.D.
and also we are going to set the open to be opposite.
Okay.
And we have installed React model.
That was it for this section.
The next section we are going to send the data from this reply to the virus store.
So see in the next section.